Docs for extensions (#179)
iterative/mlem.ai: content/docs/extensions/model/index.md

# Model extensions

Model extensions add support for new types models that MLEM can covert into MLEM

> model objects in [`save` API method](/doc/api-reference/save)

Reviewer: We should try to explain this at a higher level. What functionality do model extensions give to users? OK they extend MLEM model objects I think, how is that useful? Should we start with a recap of what a model object is (used for) first?

Reviewer 2: I tried to address this in #188 in "Object Reference" section, e.g. see this page https://mlem-ai-new-docs-struct-hy95mv.herokuapp.com/doc/object-reference/model. If you have some feedback, you can post it here or do it in #188.

Reviewer: Unable to leave feedback at this level in #188 atm, it's too huge.

> Typicaly they will implement [ModelType](/doc/user-guide/mlem-abcs#modeltype)
> and [ModelIO](/doc/user-guide/mlem-abcs#modelio) interfaces.
> 
> Some also implement [DataType](/doc/user-guide/mlem-abcs#datatype) interface if
> specific data objects are needed for model to work.

Reviewer: For now just a copy edit summarizing this part but let's consider (or make an issue about) auto-linking many of these ABCs as well as any other reference-like terms (commands, extensions even, other types, etc).

```suggestion
Typically they will implement [ModelType] and [ModelIO] interfaces. Some also
implement the [DataType] interface if specific MLEM data objects are needed for
model to work.

[modeltype]: /doc/user-guide/mlem-abcs#modeltype
[modelio]: /doc/user-guide/mlem-abcs#modelio
[datatype]: /doc/user-guide/mlem-abcs#datatype
```
